네, 가능합니다. 판매자들이 직접 상품을 등록하고 판매하고 정산할 수 있는 오픈마켓(마켓플레이스) 플랫폼을 CAN으로 만들 수 있습니다. 어부직거래 수산물 커뮤니티 커머스, 파도상자(padobox.kr)와 같은 사례가 있습니다.
네, 가능합니다. 무수한 커뮤니티를 포함하는 커뮤니티 플랫폼을 구축할 수 있고, 커뮤니티에 포함될 기능 또한 다양한 방식으로 구현할 수 있습니다. 소셜액션 플랫폼, 월드비전 베이크(act.vake.io) 와 같은 사례가 있습니다.
canD provides Platform-as-a-Service. You can allow all or part of your users to create and manage communities or shopping malls. You can configure the features of them. You can also allow them to design their own unique menus, designs, and community rules.
네, 가능합니다. NFT(이더리움/폴리곤 기반) 발행부터 판매까지 그리고 그 이후 구매자들이 모여있는 커뮤니티 구축/운영까지 CAN으로 모두 가능합니다. 보유한 NFT에 따라 멤버등급 및 권한이 차별화되는 DAO 서비스로도 진화시킬 수 있습니다. 인플루언서 디자이너 스티브 J & 요니 P의 디지털패션 NFT 커뮤니티, 하이퍼스포츠 클럽(hypersportsclub.com)와 같은 사례가 있습니다.
물론입니다. canD는 개발팀 없이도 유니콘에 도전할 수 있도록 다양한 최신 기술을 제공합니다. 개발팀 없이 canD과 함께 고속성장하는 Rocket(고객사) 사례는 드물지 않습니다. CAN으로 서비스 이전 후, 개발 비용은 현저히 삭감하고, 매출과 기업가치는 10배 이상 증가하고, 후속투자를 유치한 고객사도 있습니다. 하지만, 비즈니스 성공 요소가 기술 만은 아니기 때문에, canD와 함께 하기만 하면 반드시 성공한다고 말씀 드릴 수는 없습니다.
canD 에서 제공되는 많은 모듈과 키트들은 특별히, 커뮤니티, 게이미피케이션, 마켓플레이스, Web3, AI 와 같은 최신 기술 응용에 강점이 있습니다. 최신 기술을 재빨리 비즈니스에 도입하여 지체없이 시장 혁신을 통하여 보다 큰 규모의 비즈니스 기회를 획득할 수 있도록 합니다.
네. 사용자 정보 및 사용자가 서비스에 등록한 콘텐츠 데이터 추출을 요청할 수 있습니다.
If you no longer want to operate the service on CAN, we can extract and provide data on user information and content registered by users.
네이버, 구글 등 검색 서비스의 검색 결과에 사이트, 콘텐츠 노출이 가능합니다. 검색 서비스 별 등록 가이드를 따라 검색 등록을 진행해 주세요.
네, 가능합니다. 비용은 현재 사용중인 플랫폼에따라 다르게 발생할 수 있습니다.
크립토배지는 블록체인을 기반으로 한 인증 시스템으로, 개개인의 고유한 업적이나 경험을 디지털 배지로 발급하고, 활용할 수 있도록 하는 제반 인프라를 제공합니다.
CryptoBadge is a certificate system that encompasses a wide range of certificate applications, from non-transferable NFT(eg. SBT(Soulbound Token)) badge issuance with graphical user interface to utilities for badge winners to integrable badge applications for services and communities.
어디서나 증명이 가능하며, 위조 혹은 도난의 위험이 없습니다. 자격증 발급 기관이 사라져도 자격증을 유효하게 지속하고 활용할 수 있습니다.
CryptoBadge converts the merits of badge winners into tokenizable assets, connecting them to a variety of opportunities for reputation, authority, and economic reward.
크립토배지는 다야하게 활용될 수 있습니다. 커뮤니티 기여도, 학업 성취도, 클래스 수료, 온라인 게임의 세계 랭킹 기록, 하와이 코나에서 트라이애슬론을 완주한 것, 유니세프에 도네이션을 한 것 등 무엇이건 배지가 될 수 있죠. 하물며 '햄최몇(햄버거 최대 몇개)' 또는 '소최몇(소주 최대 몇병)'까지 가능하다니까요!
Yes, you can use CryptoBadge anywhere you like. Displaying or validating badges in a service is at the discretion of the service. 
Anyone can issue, win or display CryptoBadges.
Basically, you can find them on the My Badges of CryptoBadge.xyz. You can also see them in the services of displayers who use CryptoBadge in their system. Displayers can configure which badges are shown or hidden in their service.
CryptoBadge facilitates badge winners to manage which badges to show and hide for each service.
CryptoBadges are created by the Badge Issuer and anyone can be a Badge Issuer.
Any individual or organization can register as a Badge Issuer (free) to create and issue badges without blockchain knowledge. Its graphical user interface facilitates the entire process of creating, issuing, cancelling, managing, and storing badges on blockchain. A community can collectively grant a badge through consensus.  Offline certificate institutes can also utilize CryptoBadges to degitalize their certifications.
Anyone can win badges by successfully fulfilling the requirements or quests of each badge.
The CryptoBadge APIs enable enterprises to easily and affordably deploy a badge system for their services in an easy and economic way. Displayers are services that employ CryptoBadge in their operations. Businesses can encourage specific activities related to certain badges, or provide benefits to specific badge winners in their service.
An individual or organization can register as Badge Displayers. Using CryptoBadge APIs, Badge Displayers can retrieve certificate information from the blockchain and display users’ CryptoBadge on their website or mobile app. In addition to the badges issued by Badge Displayers themselves, they can also select to display badges issued by other issuers upon the user’s consent.
"CryptoBadge enables people to tokenize and assetize their merits such as achievements, experiences, and contributions, which proves their expertise, credibility, reputations, and more.
CryptoBadge winners can safely store the bits of their experiences on the blockchain. CryptoBadge winners collect tokens of all kinds, from achieving Champion Level at Clash Royale, completing a triathlon in Kona, Hawaii, tasting a limited edition wine in a private winery, visiting 500 travel destinations, donating to UNICEF, to supporting a famous idol group, BTS."
"In contrast to conventional methods of recognition, CryptoBadge is universal, eternal, and verifiable. It can be used across different platforms, is stored permanently on a blockchain, and provides authentic information verified by non-transferable NFT.

1. Universal
CryptoBadges that you issued can be used universally across different platforms. You can use scuba diver badges issued by a diver training organization to get discounts on diving gear. Holders of an alumni badge can be invited to useful offline conferences. Badges earned in an online community can be displayed on the user profile in a recruiting site, or used as free passes for another community.

2. Eternal
CryptoBadge is imperishable and can be stored permanently on a blockchain. Praise and recognition are not physically preserved in the offline world, and even the value of digitalized certificates or endorsements can disappear at any time with the certificate issuers' status. With CryptoBadge, you can allow your winners to store their achievements, experience, and contributions in a quantifiable manner for permanent use.

3. Verifiable
CryptoBadge provides verifiable acknowledgments. Information such as issuer, issuing conditions, and other related data is stored on the blockchain in a manipulation-proof way. It also provides APIs that allow third parties to verify the authenticity of badges. Through CryptoBadge, badge winners can provide verified information about their unique, multifaceted identity that everybody can trust."
"CryptoBadge enables people to tokenize and assetize their merits such as achievements, experiences, and contributions, which proves their expertise, credibility, reputations, and more.
CryptoBadge winners can safely store the bits of their experiences on the blockchain. CryptoBadge winners collect tokens of all kinds, from achieving Champion Level at Clash Royale, completing a triathlon in Kona, Hawaii, tasting a limited edition wine in a private winery, visiting 500 travel destinations, donating to UNICEF, to supporting a famous idol group, BTS."
"CryptoBadge increases community engagement by providing social infrastructures and gamification.
