1. Internal reputation system
CryptoBadge provides an internal reputation system. Recognizing people's contributions and merits is crucial for building a strong community.

2. Cross-community reputation applicability/transferability
As the self-sovereign owner of their identity data, users can choose to bring badges earned in other communities to your platform if you allow them.

3. Authorization
As a community operator, you can assign roles based on users' badge holding status. Such system can be useful when it comes to designing a sophisticated decision-making structure for your community.

4. User rewards
While winning a badge is a rewarding experience, you can provide badge winners with additional rewards such as points and tokens through Candy Machine.

5. Gamification
Along with CAN's gamification modules like d.quest, Candy Machine, Moim, and more, CryptoBadge offers the easiest method for gamifying your community or service, complete with intuitive and user-friendly admin features."
"As the first mover of non-transferable NFT, CryptoBadge has developed a more stable, secure, and easy-to-use system.
Since 2018, CryptoBadge has been developing a more stable and secure system for many early innovative projects as the pioneer of blockchain-based badge system.
CryptoBadge provides easy graphic user interfaces that anyone can use intuitively without prior knowledge of blockchain, whether it is to issue badges for a single independent event (e.g. conference, promotion, etc.) or to integrate a partial or comprehensive badge system with existing communities or services (e.g. Discord)."
"CryptoBadge is integrable and extensible, providing optimum usability for a wide range of use cases.
As the first mover of blockchain-based badge system, CryptoBadge has covered a variety of use cases since 2018.

1. Integrability
CryptoBadge is super integrable and interoperable with diverse services such as Discord, Twitter, cryptocurrencies, d.quest, Candy Machine, canPass, Moim, and more.

2. Extensibility
CryptoBadge is extensible. It provides open APIs and allows the addition of new capabilities or functionalities.

3. Diverse verification model
CryptoBadge provides diverse verification models. Developers can implement their own verification plug-ins as well."
"SBT 는 개발자들을 위한 토큰 프로토콜(블록체인에 저장되는 형식 정의)
CryptoBadge 는 일반인 모두가 쓸 수 있도록 User interface 등이 모두 갖추어진 서비스"
There are a variety of Web3 technology components, including token issuance, CryptoBadge, NFT publications, Treasury, Wallet, D.vote(Voting system), Code In Force(Governance Designer), and these components connect seamlessly with the user interface to provide sufficient usability for Web2 users.
It has been discussed in the community and it is positive.
It currently(2023.May) supports Ethereum and Polygon, and a number of EVM-compatible blockchain networks will be added in the future.
You can create a dynamic and engaging community that users will love. You can motivate and reward your users to participate in various activities that have a positive impact on the prosperity of your community in a gamified way. 
There are modules such as d.quest, XP, CryptoBadge, Token, NFT and more to come.
canD Modules are interoperable. d.quest allows you to create tasks and quests. Participants can be rewarded with CryptoBadge, tokens, NFTs, or XP.
We believe a community needs to be monetizable to be sustainable. Communities are sustained when they have a software infrastructure to monetize their asset. CAN supports community monetization through commerce, education, subscription, donation, fund raising and more.
Yes. In addition to the CAN modules, CAN aims to be an open platform that can connect and utilize tools from external ecosystems, and has been developing vast amounts to build such an environment.
Rewards for users' community activities or purchases can be provided in a variety of ways (user levels, badges, tokens, NFT, etc.). You can issue a 'community coin/token' available and can use it to design various loyalty programs and community currency. Users can participate in group decision voting based on the tokens they hold too.
By default, Moim provides a comprehensive community features including a variety options for communication formats. You can use "positions." You can also add CryptoBadge, NFT, or Candy Machine(Token Minter).
It is to group your users in order to provide differentiated benefits. It can be used to define roles, titles, grades, positions, levels, tribes or kins of MMORPG, and whatever else your imagination can think of. 
Divide user groups in a way you want to differentiate their accesses, privileges, or duties, so that you can allow distinct activities and experiences per users in an efficient way. You can also change the term to something more suitable, such as roles, titles, grades, levels, tribes, kins or whatever your community prefers. 
We provide sample services that demonstrate a few scenarios. CanD modules can be combined in an infinite number of ways. Please contact us if you need additional testing.