canD는 SaaS 개발사들과, 그들에 의해 개발된 SaaS를 활용한 비즈니스 운영사의 공생을 도모하는 생태계입니다.
canD is an ecosystem where SaaS developers and businesses based on the SaaS mutually benefit.
canD의 can은 CryptoBadge Alliance Network 혹은 Community Alliance Network을 의미합니다.
CAN started as 'CryptoBadge Alliance Network'. Since then, collaboration with a variety of modules other than badges has also led to it being called as the 'Community Alliance Network'. 
D는 Decentralized 혹은 Distributed 의 의미를 내포합니다.
CAN은 CryptoBadge Alliance Network 혹은 Community Alliance Network의 약자로, canD 생태계에서 제공되는 소프트웨어 솔루션 및 개발 환경을 총칭하는 개념입니다.
CAN is a SaaS alliance with a vision to build a joint ecosystem where anyone without a coding knowledge who seeks for technological innovations can easily and quickly launch online services/platforms simply by assembling modules, just like Lego blocks.

2018년 CryptoBadge 프로젝트가 최초로 시작되었고, 이후 CryptoBadge 의 활용을 위한 CryptoBadge Alliance Network이 형성되었으며, network 이 확장되어감에따라 보다 광범위한 의미로 Community Alliance Network 으로 불리우게 되었고, 2022년 canD.xyz 서비스가 런칭되었습니다.
canD SaaS 모듈들을 코딩 없이 비즈니스에 바로 사용할 수 있도록 목적별로 미리 구성하고 통합한 온라인 서비스 키트입니다.
그렇습니다. Rocket 들의 비즈니스를 돕기 위한 다양한 모듈들이 연구 개발되어 추가될 것입니다.
Yes! We are currently developing various components to add to our existing modules, and please give us your suggestions on which modules to be added next!
canD 모듈을 개발하는 개발사들입니다.
모듈별로 개발사가 다릅니다. 다양한 개발사가 만듭니다.

canD Rocket 은 canD 모듈 혹은 Bizkit를 활용하여 비즈니스를 운영하는 서비스들을 일컫는 용어입니다.
해당 기능이 다양한 서비스들에서 공통으로 필요로 하는 경우에 관련 모듈 개발팀에서 기능을 개발합니다. 그렇지 않은 경우에는 plug-in 개발을 추천드립니다.
Yes, if canD believes the feature will be widely used in many services. Otherwise, canD recommends you to develop a plug-in. 
커스텀 기능을 플러그인으로 개발하여 연결할 수 있습니다.
If your service requires unique functionality that cannot be solved by a combination of common modules on canD, you can create your own 'custom plug-in' and integrate it with canD modules. 
커스텀 개발을 필요로하는 기능들을 구체적으로 정의한 후 custom 개발을 의뢰하시면, devArmada들에게 개발 서비스를 요청해 볼 수 있습니다.
You can request devArmada, the development partners affiliated with canD, to develop a custom plug-in. Please specify the features or wants and contact us to check with devArmadas.
You can integrate what you made with canD modules. Take full advantage of canD to help reduce redundant investment and focus all your energy on creating differentiated value for your service.
canD devArmada는 canD Rocket들의 프로페셔널한 테크 파트너이자, 컨설턴트입니다. canD는 더 많은 수의 devArmada 보다 책임감 있고 안정적인 서비스를 제공하는 devArmada 간의 동맹에 더 큰 가치를 둡니다. 책임감 있게 안정적인 서비스를 제공하는 개발사라면 누구나 devArmada가 될 수 있습니다.
canD Rocket 들은 canD Module의 기능들을 조합하여 비즈니스에 활용합니다. 당신이 만든 고유한 기능을 당신의 서비스 이외 다른 서비스들에서도 사용되게 하고 추가적인 수익을 창출할 수 있습니다. 이는 devArmada 간에도 win-win의 환경을 제공합니다. 당신의 서비스가 확보한 유저가, 자동으로 A, B, C 서비스의 유저가 될 수도 있고, 그 반대가 될 수도 있습니다. 예를 들어, 협업을 위한 독창적인 스크린 쉐어 기능을 만들었다고 가정할 때, 이를 많은 다른 서비스들 내에서 기능할 수 있도록 개발하여, 영업이나 마케팅 없이도 유저를 확보할 수 있는 통로를 확보하게 됩니다. 서로 다른 서비스간의 포인트 연동 및 교환을 통한 마케팅 파트너십도 쉽게 가능해집니다. 물론 각 서비스의 운영자가 원하는 경우에 한해서이지만요.

각 모듈을 개발하는 devArmada 가 설정합니다.
A separate charge will be incurred depending on the monthly page views and data uploaded.

Since canD's coverage is quite broad, prices vary depending on the complexity of your service, ranging from small business solutions to large platforms like social media and marketplace. canD is a better fit for larger businesses or initiatives aiming to innovate the market through wiser technology strategy. You can expect to reduce your development budget by less than a third. The most dense section ranges in price from a few thousand to ten thousand dollars, as of May. 2023. 
We occasionally partner with start-up accelerators to offer discounted packages, therefore you may take advantage of these chances. 
This can vary depending on your requirements from a few hours to a few months. 
We do have a waitlist. However, it is not always a first-come, first-served basis. You may request expedited processing.
"Sure, we'll do our best. The quickest way is to utilize one of the canD Bizkits and then upgrade your service based on your needs.
1. Check if there is a Bizkit that meets your business requirements. You may test it out by running the demo. 
2. Inquire about faster processing during the contracting procedure. We won't be able to start working till our contract is signed. "
We strongly advise you to do so. You may drastically minimize the time, expense, and effort required for your proof of concept. 




That is the sweet spot of using canD and makes a considerable difference. Try out a new technology on the cheap without the hassle of staffing. Try to sell somethings without first developing commerce features or conducting extensive investigation. You do not need to invest a lot of money to test a different content list view or the layout of the main page. Rather than creating mock-up designs, you can simply click and see if it works in a hidden page. You can also put it to the test in the live service to observe how your users react to it. 

canD can adopt cutting-edge technologies faster than other vertical SaaSs, and canD Rockets can apply them far more quickly than others in the industry, which is a significant strength of our Rockets.