Because CAN is by far the most cost-effective choice for developing an online platform with advanced features such as community, marketplace, web3 and AI. Online communities, no matter how modest their significance in the business, necessitate a plethora of sophisticated features. It is also difficult to keep up with all of the cutting-edge technology, even if you know you will fall behind soon. CAN is a no-code SaaS with modules that can be assembled in a variety of ways to enable businesses to make technological advances without a development team. With a limited number of developers, you can explore the limitless possibilities.
네. canD의 모듈들은 개방형 서비스를 지향합니다. 해당 SaaS 툴과 이미 연결 작업이 되어 있다면, 불필요한 작업을 할 필요가 없으니, 미리 확인하는 것도 잊지 마세요.
Yes. In addition to the CAN modules, CAN aims to be an open platform that can connect and utilize tools from external ecosystems, and has been developing vast amounts to build such an environment.
대부분의 canD 모듈들은 웹 뿐만 아니라 아이폰/안드로이드 네이티브 모바일 앱으로 출시할 수 있도록 설계합니다.
물론입니다. canD는 개발팀 없이도 유니콘에 도전할 수 있도록 다양한 최신 기술을 제공합니다. 개발팀 없이 canD과 함께 고속성장하는 Rocket(고객사) 사례는 드물지 않습니다. canD 기반으로 서비스를 재 구축한 후, 개발 비용은 현저히 삭감하고, 매출과 기업가치는 10배 이상 증가하고, 후속투자를 유치한 고객사들도 있습니다. 하지만, 비즈니스 성공 요소가 기술 만은 아니기 때문에, canD와 함께 하기만 하면 반드시 성공한다고 말씀 드릴 수는 없습니다.
canD 에서 제공되는 많은 모듈과 키트들은 특별히, 커뮤니티, 게이미피케이션, 마켓플레이스, Web3, AI 와 같은 최신 기술 응용에 강점이 있습니다. 최신 기술을 재빨리 비즈니스에 도입하여 지체없이 시장 혁신을 통하여 보다 큰 규모의 비즈니스 기회를 획득할 수 있도록 합니다.
네. 사용자 정보 및 사용자가 서비스에 등록한 콘텐츠 데이터 추출을 요청할 수 있습니다.
If you no longer want to operate the service on canD, we can extract and provide data on user information and content registered by users.
네이버, 구글 등 검색 서비스의 검색 결과에 사이트, 콘텐츠 노출이 가능합니다. 검색 서비스 별 등록 가이드를 따라 검색 등록을 진행해 주세요.
네, 가능합니다. 비용은 현재 사용중인 플랫폼에따라 다르게 발생할 수 있습니다.
There are a variety of Web3 technology components, including token issuance, CryptoBadge, NFT publications, Treasury, Wallet, D.vote(Voting system), Code In Force(Governance Designer), and these components connect seamlessly with the user interface to provide sufficient usability for Web2 users.
It has been discussed in the community and it is positive.
It currently(2023.May) supports Ethereum and Polygon, and a number of EVM-compatible blockchain networks will be added in the future.
You can create a dynamic and engaging community that users will love. You can motivate and reward your users to participate in various activities that have a positive impact on the prosperity of your community in a gamified way. 
There are modules such as d.quest, XP, CryptoBadge, Token, NFT and more to come.
canD Modules are interoperable. d.quest allows you to create tasks and quests. Participants can be rewarded with CryptoBadge, tokens, NFTs, or XP.
We believe a community needs to be monetizable to be sustainable. Communities are sustained when they have a software infrastructure to monetize their asset. CAN supports community monetization through commerce, education, subscription, donation, fund raising and more.
Rewards for users' community activities or purchases can be provided in a variety of ways (user levels, badges, tokens, NFT, etc.). You can issue a 'community coin/token' available and can use it to design various loyalty programs and community currency. Users can participate in group decision voting based on the tokens they hold too.
By default, Moim provides a comprehensive community features including a variety options for communication formats. You can use "positions." You can also add CryptoBadge, NFT, or Candy Machine(Token Minter).
It is to group your users in order to provide differentiated benefits. It can be used to define roles, titles, grades, positions, levels, tribes or kins of MMORPG, and whatever else your imagination can think of. 
Divide user groups in a way you want to differentiate their accesses, privileges, or duties, so that you can allow distinct activities and experiences per users in an efficient way. You can also change the term to something more suitable, such as roles, titles, grades, levels, tribes, kins or whatever your community prefers. 
We provide sample services that demonstrate a few scenarios. CanD modules can be combined in an infinite number of ways. Please contact us if you need additional testing.
canD BizKits only display a small portion of what can be developed with CAN. Here are two ideas. You can discuss with canD AI about it and uncover canD's aspects that will help your business. Second, you can provide us a list of your needs and requirements. canD will review and respond, letting you know which features are instantly feasible, which are customizable, and which must be developed as a plug-in.
You can simply refer to canD BizKits.
Whether it is for-profit or non-profit, instead of a wasteful promotion, we must accumulate sustainable growth. The great services of Wikipedia, Viki, Stack Overflow, etc. had a strong community on their foundation. The voluntary participation and contribution of the community is evaluated as a key factor in the success of these projects. With a proper facilitation, a community can achieve better, from business ideations through promotions to customer services.
소모적인 광고 마케팅이 아닌, 축적되고 지속 가능한 비즈니스 성장이 필요하기 때문입니다. Wikipedia, Viki, Stack Overflow 등의 위대한 서비스들은 그 기반에 강력한 커뮤니티가 있었습니다. 커뮤니티의 자발적 참여가 이들 프로젝트 성공의 핵심 요인으로 평가 됩니다. 서비스 혹은 제품 아이디어부터, 콘텐츠, 홍보 및 소통에 이르기까지 기존의 영리/비영리 기관들이 직접 수행하던 다양한 활동들에 커뮤니티를 참여시키고 그 성과를 함께 나눌 수 있습니다.

네, 가능합니다. 판매자들이 직접 상품을 등록하고 판매하고 정산할 수 있는 오픈마켓(마켓플레이스) 플랫폼을 CAN으로 만들 수 있습니다. 어부직거래 수산물 커뮤니티 커머스, 파도상자(padobox.kr)와 같은 사례가 있습니다.
네, 가능합니다. 무수한 커뮤니티를 포함하는 커뮤니티 플랫폼을 구축할 수 있고, 커뮤니티에 포함될 기능 또한 다양한 방식으로 구현할 수 있습니다. 소셜액션 플랫폼, 월드비전 베이크(act.vake.io) 와 같은 사례가 있습니다.
canD provides Platform-as-a-Service. You can allow all or part of your users to create and manage communities or shopping malls. You can configure the features of them. You can also allow them to design their own unique menus, designs, and community rules.
네, 가능합니다. NFT(이더리움/폴리곤 기반) 발행부터 판매까지 그리고 그 이후 구매자들이 모여있는 커뮤니티 구축/운영까지 CAN으로 모두 가능합니다. 보유한 NFT에 따라 멤버등급 및 권한이 차별화되는 DAO 서비스로도 진화시킬 수 있습니다. 인플루언서 디자이너 스티브 J & 요니 P의 디지털패션 NFT 커뮤니티, 하이퍼스포츠 클럽(hypersportsclub.com)와 같은 사례가 있습니다.